/*!@page lic_page LICENSE.TXT
LIMITED LICENSE AGREEMENT

(ATMEL USB FLASH MICROCONTROLLER SOFTWARE SUITE)

You ("Customer" or "You") must read this Limited License Agreement (this 
"Agreement") carefully and thoroughly before downloading, installing, 
and/or using any software or content ("Software") provided herewith. BY 
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND/OR USING ANY SOFTWARE OR CONTENT, YOU ARE 
CONFIRMING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT 
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD, 
INSTALL/COMPLETE INSTALLATION OF, OR USE THE SOFTWARE OR CONTENT.

1. Grant of License. Atmel grants Customer a non-exclusive, 
nontransferable, nonsublicensable, limited license: (a) to internally 
use the Software as a development platform solely in connection with an 
Atmel microcontroller product ("Atmel Product"), (b) to modify the 
source code version of the Software only as necessary to implement such 
Software in Customer's software and/or hardware product that 
incorporates or is bundled with an Atmel Product ("Integrated Product"), 
and (c) to distribute the Software (in object code version only) solely 
as part of the Integrated Product. Customer shall not use the Software 
for any purpose other than as specifically authorized herein. Any and 
all distribution of the Licensed Software by Customer or its 
distributors permitted under this Agreement shall be pursuant to a 
binding end user agreement no less protective of Atmel than this 
Agreement. Except as specifically authorized herein, Customer shall take 
all necessary steps to protect the Software against disclosure to third 
parties.

2. Title. As between the parties, Atmel retains full rights, title, and 
ownership including all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, 
trademarks, and other intellectual property rights in and to the 
Software. Customer agrees to take all reasonable steps to prevent 
unauthorized disclosure of the Software.

3. No Other Rights. Except as expressly stated herein, this Agreement 
does not grant Customer any rights to patents, copyrights, trade 
secrets, trade names, trademarks (whether registered or unregistered), 
or any other rights, franchises, or licenses in respect of the Software. 
Atmel will not provide any support or maintenance for the Licensed 
Software. Customer will be solely responsible for supporting its 
customers, including resellers and end users. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY 
AUTHORIZED HEREIN, CUSTOMER MAY NOT MODIFY, TRANSLATE, DISASSEMBLE, 
REVERSE ENGINEER OR DECOMPILE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY COPY, IN WHOLE OR IN 
PART. ANY UNAUTHORIZED USE, DUPLICATION, TRANSMISSION, DISTRIBUTION, OR 
DISCLOSURE OF THE SOFTWARE IS EXPRESSLY FORBIDDEN.

4. Warranty Disclaimer. ALL SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", "WITH ALL 
FAULTS", AND WITH NO WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. ATMEL EXPRESSLY DISLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION 
ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR 
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

5. Notice and Protection. Customer shall not remove or destroy any 
trademark, copyright markings, legends or notices placed upon or 
contained within the Software or any related documentation.

6. Export. Customer acknowledges that the certain laws and regulations 
may restrict the export and re-export of the Software. Customer will not 
export or re-export any Software (including the diskettes, related 
documentation and/or any hardware peripherals) in any form without the 
appropriate United States and foreign governmental approval.

7. Termination. The license will automatically terminate if Customer 
fails to comply with any of the terms and conditions of the license. 
Upon termination for any reason, Customer will immediately destroy or 
return to Atmel the Software, including all documentation and all whole 
or partial copies of the Software.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ATMEL BE LIABLE TO 
CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR 
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF ATMEL 
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
THE LIABILITY OF ATMEL RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE PRICE PAID 
TO ATMEL HEREUNDER.

9. General. Customer will indemnify, defend and otherwise hold Atmel 
harmless against any third party claims, losses, damages, liability or 
expenses (including attorneys' and other professionals' fees) incurred 
by Atmel arising out of or relating to the marketing, sale or 
distribution of Integrated Product or Customer's use of the Licensed 
Software. This Agreement and all transactions concluded hereunder shall 
be governed by the laws of the State of California, as such laws are 
applied to contracts entered into and performed entirely in California 
by California residents. Any litigation relating to this Agreement shall 
be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts located in 
Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts located in the 
Northern District of California. If any provision of this Agreement is 
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be 
construed in such a manner that it becomes valid and enforceable and so 
as to reflect most closely the intent of the parties in agreeing upon 
the provision in the first place, and the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and shall not in any 
way be affected or impaired by any such determination of invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability.

THIS AGREEMENT IS THE ENTIRE AND EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT BETWEEN ATMEL AND 
CUSTOMER AND SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR ORAL AND WRITTEN AGREEMENTS AND 
COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN THE PARTIES PERTAINING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. NO DIFFERENT OR ADDITIONAL TERMS WILL BE ENFORCEABLE 
AGAINST ATMEL UNLESS ATMEL GIVES ITS EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT, INCLUDING 
AN EXPRESS WAIVER OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

Atmel Corporation

2325 Orchard Parkway

San Jose, CA 95131

http://www.atmel.com

*/
